banner notification component (#187)
livechat/design-system: packages/design-system/src/components/SelectField/SelectField.md

```js noeditor

> <Banner size="large" text="This component could be used only in React application" type="warning"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Banner size="large" text="This component can be used only in React applications." type="warning"/>
```
+ please remove HTML examples from SelectField.md and Select.md

> <Banner size="large" text="This component could be used only in React application" type="warning"/>

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24607370/83011281-e5e77800-a019-11ea-8c2a-a5d3a9ed40e8.png)
shouldn't it has `width: 100%`?

> <Banner size="large" text="This component could be used only in React application" type="warning"/>

Reviewer: <img width="1145" alt="Design System - LiveChat API Developers Docs and Guides 2020-05-29 11-03-01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24607370/83242017-00e1f580-a19c-11ea-8f79-532567cdcaf7.png">
please add `box-sizing: border-box` to the `banner` class - the width of component is more than 100% now (padding was not included in width calculations)

> <Banner size="large" text="This component can be used only in React applications." type="warning"/>

Reviewer 2: needs to be adjusted to use `children` instead of `text`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Banner size="large" type="warning">This component can be used only in React applications.</Banner>
```

Author: ✅
